## Default Behavior
---
By default, Proxmox VE allocates a 100GB logical volume for `/dev/pve/data`, which is primarily used for storing ISO images, templates, backups, and other Proxmox-specific data. This storage is not intended for use by VMs or LXCs.

The purpose of this logical volume is to provide a dedicated storage location for Proxmox-specific files and data, as well as to ensure that system files and data do not consume this storage space.

For VM and LXC storage, Proxmox VE typically uses a different logical volume or storage subsystem. VM and LXC storage is managed separately, and administrators can configure storage resources for VMs and LXCs as needed, typically using dedicated storage pools or directories.

## Custom Configuration
---
In my example, I have three NVME drives, and would like to pool all of their resources together into a singular logical volume that can be utilized for everything -- VM storage, LXC storage, ISOs, templates, etc.  On top of this, I want that 100GB of storage back to maximize my potential storage space.

> [!WARNING]
> Proceed at your own risk.  My configuration is not in RAID,
> so I am trusting that these NVME drives are stable wihtout
> proper redundancy or backups.
> **- I am living on the edge.**

To accomplish that goal, I ran the following on my Proxmox host:

```shell
# Identify the extra drives on the system
# (e.g., nvme1n1 and nvme2n1)
fdisk -l | grep "Disk /"

# Remove any pre-existing logical volume that you want to extend
lvremove /dev/pve/data

# Extend the PVE volume group to include the two extra drives
vgextend pve /dev/nvme1n1 /dev/nvme2n1

# Verify that the volume group has been extended
vgdisplay pve

# Resize the logical volume to use 100% of available free space
lvresize -l +100%FREE /dev/pve/root

# Resize the file system within the logical volume
resize2fs /dev/mapper/pve-root
```